[singing voice] Aniplex.
[tires squealing]
[gasps]
[Kanon] Look out!
[grunts]
[gasps]
Vanish!
Cease moving!
Disperse!
‐ Idiots, stop it now!
‐ Calm down, everybody!
[Mari] Cancel all those spells!
Jumonji, think you
can hold it off?
Just blocking it is no issue,
but the psion storm is too much.
I can't put out the fire.
I'll extinguish it.
[gasps]
‐ All right, then.
‐ Okay.
[magical whooshing]
[gasps]
[giggles]
[shouts]
[indistinct chatter]
[Mari] What in the world
just happened?
[exhales]
[Miyuki] Grand dispersion.
Of course I would expect
no less of my brother.
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
Are all of you okay?
[Mayumi] Thanks, Jumonji.
The bus came out
unscathed because of you.
And also Miyuki!
That was expert spell casting.
I'm honored, chairwoman.
However, I was only able
to choose that sequence because
Miss Ichihara
had wisely employed
a deceleration spell in order
to stop the bus.
Miss Ichihara did that?
Honestly, though,
what were you thinking?
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Mari] Morisaki and Kitayama
are first years so I guess
it can't be helped,
but for a second year
to lead the charge creating
that whole mess,
what were you thinking?
When so many spells
get cast at once,
they just cancel each other out
rendering them useless.
You do know that,
don't you?
I'm really sorry, Mari.
In times of crisis,
be sure to stay calm,
and let's not forget we need
to communicate.
[exhales]
[Mari] Who canceled
the magic sequences?
[engines revving]
[indistinct chatter]
[gasps]
[Takeaki] Something wrong,
Hattori?
No, it's nothing.
Well, it certainly doesn't
look like it's nothing to me.
It's just my confidence took
a little hit.
The competition starts
the day after tomorrow.
Now's not a good time
to doubt yourself.
That incident earlier‐‐
Oh, right.
Talk about a close call.
In the end,
I wasn't able to do anything
to help us out.
On the contrary,
not taking any action proves
that you have good judgment,
if you ask me.
Maybe, but Miss Shiba
was able to handle it.
[Gyobu] If it were purely
a test of power,
I'd probably lose to Miss Shiba.
But superiority among magicians
isn't decided solely
by the power
of their magic spells.
‐ Huh?
‐ Nonetheless,
there's more to it
than just technique.
Ultimately if I happen to be
a lesser magician
than some new girl
who's younger than me,
then how can I not
lose confidence, you know?
Yeah, it's all about
your experience, though.
‐ [gasps]
‐ I think there's
something special
about those siblings.
[Takeaki] That big brother,
I'm willing to bet
that he's killed before.
Hold on.
You mean like real experience
in the military?
I get that sense from him.
Do you remember back in April?
Yeah.
I was right in the thick
of it that day.
So were the Shiba siblings.
Wow, really?
Take it from me.
That older brother,
well, he's a badass.
Tatsuya is exactly like
my old man's navy buddies,
but he was even
more bloodthirsty.
The whole time he
was wearing it proudly
like a goddamn coat.
Miss Shiba as well?
I didn't actually
see her do anything,
but there's no way she's
an ordinary girl.
[exhales]
Still, though,
superiority among magicians
isn't decided solely
by the power
of their magic spells, right?
What are you saying?
If Chairwoman Saegusa were ever
to find out
that you uttered those words,
wouldn't she be
absolutely overcome with joy?
[grunting]
[door clangs open]
All that silly Bloom
and Weed nonsense,
what's it even based on
but the results
of an entrance exam?
Several
of the course two students
are competent as magicians.
Especially this year's
incoming class.
[grunts]
Brother,
are you saying
the near car crash
wasn't accidental?
Yeah.
I saw traces of magic there.
But I didn't notice anything out
of the ordinary.
It was small‐scale magic‐‐
spells that
are launched simultaneously
at minimum output levels.
Three high‐level spells,
all expertly designed,
leaving no trace
of psions behind.
[Tatsuya] First,
the spell that blew out
the tires on the car.
The second spell caused
the car to spin out.
And the the third spell,
collide upward diagonal force
to catapult the car using
the guard rail as a launchpad.
All three cast
from inside the car.
Likely,
to hide the fact that there
was magic being used.
That means the one who cast
those spells...
Was the driver.
It was a suicide attack.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Miyuki] How cowardly.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
When you think about it,
criminals and terrorists
are cowards to begin with,
Miyuki.
It's rare the one
giving orders risks
his own life.
[Erika] Hey, you two!
[gasps]
Erika!
It's been a while.
How've you both been?
Fine.
What brings you here?
[Erika] I'm here
to cheer you on.
Miyuki, I'll be going on ahead.
Erika, I'll see you later.
‐ All right.
‐ Uh, huh?
Catch you later.
Geez, he didn't even let
me say hi to him first.
So sorry.
The upper classmen on staff
are waiting for his arrival.
So why did you show up here
two days early?
‐ [Mizuki] Hey, Erika!
‐ [gasps]
They gave me the key
to our room.
Hi, Miyuki.
Mizuki, what a surprise
to see you here.
[gasps]
[Mizuki] Uh, Miyuki,
what's up?
Is something wrong?
Uh, your outfit.
Is it too revealing?
Erika told me that I
should lighten up a bit
for this trip,
so that's why I wore it.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Oh.
[whistles]
Mizuki, please don't take this
the wrong way,
but I think you should change
as soon as possible.
It's very becoming on you
and you look lovely,
but I don't think
it's appropriate.
‐ That's what I told her.
‐ Huh?
You sure about that?
Incidentally,
are you two staying here?
‐ [Mizuki] Yeah.
‐ Doesn't this hotel belong
to the military, though?
[Erika] Well, I've got
a hook‐up.
[both gasping]
That's the Chiba family.
I'm surprised, though.
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but I thought you said
you didn't like throwing
your family's name around.
That's fine.
What I don't like
is people being biased
towards me just because I'm
a Chiba.
I mean, what good are your
connections unless you use them?
It would be a waste not to.
Well, that's true,
but the tournament
doesn't start until
the day after tomorrow.
[chuckles]
Well, there's a banquet tonight,
right?
But they're not going
to let outsiders attend.
Hey, I've got that covered, too.
This evening,
we're insiders.
Huh?
[indistinct chatter]
[Erika] Would you care
for a drink, sir?
Huh?
[Tatsuya] So this
is what you meant by "insider?"
[chuckles]
Miyuki told you, huh?
You surprised?
Sure, I'm surprised.
Impressed more than anything.
Actually,
that is to be expected.
[Tatsuya] Still,
having said that...
Hmm?
What do you mean?
‐ It's nothing.
‐ Good evening, Erika.
What a lovely outfit
you've got on.
I know.
Isn't it cute?
Not that Tatsuya
said anything about it.
There is simply no use
in expecting such things
of my brother.
‐ [grunts]
‐ After all,
he has never been captivated
by anything superficial,
such as what a girl may
have put on.
[chuckles]
So Tatsuya,
I guess you don't have
any interest
in cosplay then, huh?
Wait, your outfit is cosplay?
Well, I didn't think it
was when I got it,
but guys seem to see it that way
for some reason.
When you say guys,
do you mean Leonhard Saijou?
Uh‐uh.
Miki's the one
who called it cosplay.
Needless to say,
I chastised him thoroughly.
‐ Who's Miki?
‐ Uh‐‐
that's right.
You don't know him, do you?
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Miyuki] Wait, Erika!
Now, what in the world
was that about?
Maybe she ran off
to get Mikihiko?
[Shizuku] Miyuki,
so there you are.
And Tatsuya's with you!
It's good to see you both.
You two are always together,
too, aren't you?
It's because we're friends.
We have no reason not
to be together.
I guess you don't.
Where are all the others?
[grunts]
They're over there.
[Shizuku] I think they want
to approach you, Miyuki,
but they know it's not happening
as long as Tatsuya's around.
So what am I?
A watchdog?
Oh, I'm sure that they
are just nervous
and feel uncertain about how
to approach you, Tatsuya.
‐ [Kanon] It's ridiculous.
‐ all: Huh?
Considering he's a student
at First High
and a teammate now no less,
right?
Miss Chiyoda.
Some things are easier said
than done.
That's human nature,
after all, isn't it?
That is only acceptable
in certain situations.
Those are both sound arguments.
For now,
there's an even simpler solution
to our predicament, though.
Miyuki, you should just
go join the others.
Team camaraderie is crucial,
after all.
[exhales]
Very well, Brother.
[Kanon] What a mature way
of handling it.
Hmm?
Well,
I think we'll get going now.
[giggles]
Hey, where's Miyuki?
I had her join
the other athletes.
You can meet her later.
[Mikihara] Oh, sure.
Don't worry about it.
The thought of meeting someone
while dressed like this
was a little
embarrassing anyway.
Well, isn't that how
a hospitality worker dresses?
[Erika] See, Miki?
You're too insecure.
Cut it out.
My name is Mikihiko.
By the way,
I don't see Leo and Miss Mizuki.
They're here, aren't they?
You really think Leo
could hack it as a waiter?
I'm sure he can manage
to adapt himself
at the very least.
Mizuki didn't wanna wear
this awesome uniform.
[Erika] You two might hit
it off, Miki.
For the last time,
my name is Mikihiko!
[Erika] All right,
whatever you say.
So anyway,
Leo's in the kitchen
doing manual labor
and Mizuki's washing the dishes.
I thought you said I'd be
working behind the scenes, too.
Why'd you make me‐‐
I've told you 100 times now.
There was a little mix up, okay?
But what kind of mix up?
All right,
don't throw a hissy fit.
Look, I can see an empty plate
over there.
‐ [groans]
‐ [giggles]
‐ This isn't over by a long shot
‐ [scoffs]
I think you should go
a little bit easier on him.
Huh?
Uh...
You're right.
Maybe I was lashing out
at him a little.
I know all too well Miki's
not comfortable
with this kind of thing.
It's just...
Did you want to make him angry?
[Erika] Mm, I dunno about that.
He's lost his confidence
so I admit I get frustrated
just watching him.
[Tatsuya] You're a good friend.
Oh, stop it.
Neither one of us
is working here today
of our own free will.
It's because our parents
forced us.
It may look like
I'm sympathetic.
We're in the same boat,
so we just feel sorry
for each other.
I'm not going to pry.
[Tatsuya] It wouldn't be
of any help.
[Erika] Sorry,
I hope you don't mind.
Hey, know what, Tatsuya?
What's wrong?
I realize now,
you're kinda cold.
Where did that come from?
Dunno,
but the weird thing is,
I like it this way,
I think.
Since you're not too caring,
I can mouth off all I want.
[Erika] You don't show pity
so I don't feel pathetic.
[grunts]
Thanks for that.
[indistinct chatter]
[Miyuki grunts]
Brother,
you're too oblivious
to other people's goodwill.
The fact that I'm gazing
at you like this,
you haven't even noticed.
No, that's not true.
I'm sure you're aware
of my gaze.
However,
as for how I'm feeling,
surely you‐‐
[Boy] The girl's
drop dead gorgeous.
[Boy 2] Forget it.
She wouldn't give you
the time of day.
[Boy] Shut up, man!
Lay off me, will ya?
[Boy 2 laughing]
Masaki,
what are you staring at?
Just a girl.
Tell me.
What do you know about her?
Huh?
Oh.
Her name is Miss Miyuki Shiba.
[Shinkurou] She'll be competing
in Ice Pillars Break
and Mirage Bat.
She's First High's top freshman.
Miyuki Shiba, huh?
That's unusual.
I hardly remember the last time
a girl caught your eye.
Trust me.
It's not like that.
[Man] Excuse me.
At tonight's Nine Schools
Competition banquet,
we are honored to have a number
of eminent guests in attendance.
Let us now take this opportunity
to hear some words of wisdom
from the association chairman
Retsu Kudou.
Patriarch
of the Ten Master Clans?
Yeah, although I've never
actually seen him
in person before.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] Is this gonna
be trouble?
[indistinct whispers]
No, that's not it.
It's sensory interference magic.
Did he invoke
a large scale spell covering
the entire banquet hall?
[all gasping]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
First, let me apologize
for making you a party
to my prank tonight.
[Retsu] What you just saw
was more slight of hand
than true magic.
As far as I could tell,
there were only five of you
who were able to see through it
for the magic trick it was.
In other words,
just imagine if I
had been a terrorist.
What would have happened
if I unleashed poison
or bombs on you all?
Given the gullibility
I saw here tonight,
unfortunately only five
of you would have been able
to do anything to stop me.
[all gasping]
My young students
of the arcane arts,
understand that magic
is a means.
Magic is not in
and of itself your goal.
[gasps]
What little magic
I had used just now,
although it was quite large
in scale,
was very low in potency,
and yet,
most of you were deceived
by this rather weak magic
and therefore failed
to perceive my presence here.
[Retsu] You should never
allow yourself
to be remiss in your efforts
to improve your magic skills.
That being said,
I'd like you to keep in mind
that your efforts alone
won't be enough.
Large scale magic
used erroneously
is inferior to small scale magic
used creatively.
Let me leave you
with this one final thought.
I'm looking forward to seeing
how creative each of you can be.
[indistinct chatter]
[applause]
[Tatsuya] The man
at the pinnacle
of Japan's magic society.
The patriarch, huh?
[crickets chirping]
[Honoka] So it all
starts tomorrow?
I'm too anxious to sleep!
It's too early to be nervous.
Honoka, the rookie events
don't start until day four,
remember?
Hey, Shizuku,
which of tomorrows events
do you recommend?
Chairwoman Saegusa's
speed shooting is a must‐see.
She's a shoe‐in
to win the event,
but it will be a treat
to see how
the Elven Sniper does
in the final season
of her high school career.
Wait,
the Elven Sniper?
Miss Saegusa's nickname,
although it's unofficial.
I bet Mayumi has a ton of fans.
[knocking]
Oh, I'll go get the door.
Evening, Honoka.
Oh, hey, Eimi.
Everyone's here.
What's going on?
[giggles]
Get ready!
We're all going
to the hot spring together.
‐ Really?
‐ Oh, yeah.
I thought I heard they had
an artificial hot spring
in the basement of this hotel,
right?
Is it open to civilians, though?
‐ [gasps]
‐ The military owns it.
Good news.
I asked them nicely.
They said it would be okay
until 11:00.
‐ Huh?
‐ [gasps]
[Eimi] Hey, can I touch them?
‐ [Honoka screams]
‐ [gasps]
Oh, my God, Honoka.
Your body's amazing!
Honoka, come here!
What do you think you're doing,
Eimi?
[Honoka whimpers]
[screeches]
[grunts]
Mind if I have a look?
Of course I mind!
‐ Shizuku, please help me!
‐ [laughing maniacally]
Why not just show her?
Shizuku!
[Honoka whimpering]
[both grunting]
‐ Please help!
‐ [Eiko laughing]
[Honoka whimpers]
[Shizuku] Face it, Honoka.
You've got a big bust.
[Honoka] That's not my fault!
She said it was okay.
Let's just do it.
‐ I'll help you, Eimi.
‐ [gasps]
[Honoka] No!
[all laughing]
You guys,
what on Earth is all
this commotion about?
[all gasping]
Mm, mm.
Uh?
[all gasping]
Wh‐‐what is it?
Oh, uh, sorry about that.
I was mesmerized for a moment.
Hey, stop it, you guys.
Miyuki's perfectly normal,
okay?
Oh, come on.
[Miyuki] We're all girls here.
What are you even trying to say?
Yeah, it's just girls here.
We know that,
but you are something else.
[Subaru] It's hard to explain,
but looking at you, Miyuki,
it's like gender doesn't matter.
Your beauty transcends it.
Come on.
Will you please stop teasing me?
[Eimi] Whoa, Miyuki!
[Honoka] You'd better cut
that out real quick.
Get a hold of yourself,
or every single one of us
in here will end up soaking
in a bath full of ice water!
[Subaru laughs]
Hey, we were just joking, okay?
[Kazumi] That's right.
It was all in good fun.
[Shizuku] What's up?
[Kazumi] Oh, by the way,
the prince of Third High
Ichijou's heir
was here at the banquet tonight,
wasn't he?
I saw him there.
He was pretty hot.
Don't you think so?
And the entire time he
was totally checking out Miyuki.
What?
Was he really?
‐ Love at first sight?
‐ Hey,
maybe you two already have
a history!
[all giggling]
How about it, Miyuki?
I mean, the only time
I've ever seen Ichijou
was in photographs.
I didn't even see where
he was in the banquet hall.
[grunts]
That's a bummer.
So are you into guys who
are more like your big brother,
then?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Well,
I'm not sure what
it is you're expecting to hear,
but Tatsuya and I are siblings
by blood, in fact.
It should come as no surprise
I've never thought of him
as a potential love interest.
Well, of course not, right?
[both giggling]
[Eimi] Okay, then.
What is your type?
Huh?
I, uh, don't...
Is someone there?
[magical booming]
Is this evil?
Wait, could this be intruders?
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
How can I be sure
that I'm strong enough?
[Mikihiko] If I hadn't lost
my abilities
in that accident a year ago...
[gasps]
Go.
Take a look at the place where
by rights you should
be standing.
[exhales]
I've gotta let security know.
[Mikihiko grunts]
Even though he was inferior
in terms of magic,
he overpowered
those course one upperclassmen.
I can do that!
A trio of intruders, then.
[grunts]
[guns cocking]
[gasps]
[all grunting]
[electric sparking]
[all shouting]
[all groaning]
[grunts]
Ah.
[Mikihiko] Who's out there?
Who was it that came
to my aid?
[Tatsuya] Mikihiko,
it's me.
[gasps]
Tatsuya?
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪